[expo-screen-orientation] Update documentation (#6838)
expo/expo: packages/expo-screen-orientation/README.md

### Configure for iOS

1. Run `pod install` in the ios directory after installing the npm package.
2. Open the `AppDelegate.m` of your application.
3. Import `<EXScreenOrientation/EXScreenOrientationViewController.h>`
4. In `-application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:launchOptions` change default `root view controller` to `EXScreenOrientationViewController`:

   Replace

   ```objc
   UIViewController *rootViewController = [UIViewController new];
   ```

   with:

   ```objc

>    UIViewController *rootViewController = [[EXScreenOrientationViewController alloc] initWithDefaultScreenOrientationMask:UIInterfaceOrientationMaskPortrait]; // through parameter you can specify your default orientation mask.

Reviewer: Can we default to using `init]`(less decisions for the developer) and note that people can also set a default orientation mask with a parameter?

   ```

>    To get more information about available orientation masks, please check out [UIInterfaceOrientationMask](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiinterfaceorientationmask?language=objc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information about available orientation masks check out [UIInterfaceOrientationMask](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiinterfaceorientationmask?language=objc)
```

> > **Note** if you are using the custom view controller, this controller needs to extend the `EXScreenOrientationViewController`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** if you are using a custom view controller, the controller will need to extend the `EXScreenOrientationViewController`.
```
